Document Multi-View and Operation AI Investigations (preview) (#36582)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/ai_investigations/_index.md

For more information, see [Single-View AI Investigation][1].

## Multi-view AI investigation

> Run an agentic investigation across a sample of views that share a slow Core Web Vital. Multi-view extends the same agentic analysis to a population of views, helping you find what to fix when an entire (view × vital) pair is consistently slow across your users. Available from the Optimization page for Loading Time, Largest Contentful Paint, First Contentful Paint, and Interaction to Next Paint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run an agentic investigation across a sample of views that share a slow Core Web Vital. Multi-View AI Investigation extends the same agentic analysis to a population of views, helping you identify what to fix when an entire (view × vital) pair is consistently slow across users. Available from the Optimization page for Loading Time, Largest Contentful Paint, First Contentful Paint, and Interaction to Next Paint.
```

Author: Suggestion applied, thanks!
